Add Gutenberg Regression Testing Docs for Handbook. (#54)
ironprogrammer/test-handbook: gutenberg-testing/regression-testing.md

**Regression testing**, or **pre-release testing**, is the practice of running functional tests to ensure that previously developed and tested features still work after a change.

A good time to help check for regressions is just before a new version is released.

## General Test Cases for Gutenberg

1. Test the inserters (top toolbar, sibling, default block, slash inserter).  
2. Edit the Gutenberg demo post.  
3. Add every kind of block you can find and make sure each works as expected.  
4. Paste in content from other sources.  
5. Undo/redo.  
6. Preview.  
7. Change each option in **Settings → Document**.  
8. Try each option in the **More menu** in the top toolbar.  
9. Check that the **Content Structure (i)** button works properly.  
10. Drag and drop different kinds of media into a post.  
11. Make changes to each of the panels in the pre-publish panel.  
12. Publish a post.  
13. Schedule a post.  
14. Submit a post for review (contributor role).  

> 15. Create a post with a ton of content (see [gutenberg-document-library](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/tree/trunk/docs/document-library)).  

Reviewer: The link appears to be incorrect. Please update it to: https://github.com/dmsnell/gutenberg-document-library/tree/master/library

Author: Thank you for the review, @akkspros. It is fixed!

# Pre-release Testing

> [↑ Back to top](#pre-release-testing)

Reviewer 2: Please remove this back-to-top link

> > **Note:** This page is a stub and needs improvement.  

Reviewer 2: Notes should be in one continuous line.

```suggestion
> This page is a stub and needs improvement. If you would like to help improve it or notice an error, please say hello in [#core-test](https://wordpress.slack.com/messages/core-test/) on [WordPress Slack](https://make.wordpress.org/chat/). 
```

> If you would like to help improve it or notice an error, please say hello in [#core-test](https://wordpress.slack.com/messages/core-test/) on [WordPress Slack](https://make.wordpress.org/chat/).

> ---

Reviewer 2: Remove this horizontal line; it's not needed

> ## Overview

Reviewer 2: Remove extra title content.

Reviewer 2: @Gulamdastgir-Momin, please remove this extra title text.

Author: Sorry for that @nikunj8866, I Missed It. Now it is fixed.

**Regression testing**, or **pre-release testing**, is the practice of running functional tests to ensure that previously developed and tested features still work after a change.

A good time to help check for regressions is just before a new version is released.

> ---

Reviewer 2: Remove this horizontal line; it's not needed

## General Test Cases for Gutenberg

1. Test the inserters (top toolbar, sibling, default block, slash inserter).  
2. Edit the Gutenberg demo post.  
3. Add every kind of block you can find and make sure each works as expected.  
4. Paste in content from other sources.  
5. Undo/redo.  
6. Preview.  
7. Change each option in **Settings → Document**.  
8. Try each option in the **More menu** in the top toolbar.  
9. Check that the **Content Structure (i)** button works properly.  
10. Drag and drop different kinds of media into a post.  
11. Make changes to each of the panels in the pre-publish panel.  
12. Publish a post.  
13. Schedule a post.  
14. Submit a post for review (contributor role).  
15. Create a post with a ton of content (see [gutenberg-document-library](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/tree/trunk/docs/document-library)).  
16. Consider adding an [automated test](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/blob/master/docs/reference/testing-overview.md) for one of these cases [(if it doesn’t already exist)](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/tree/master/test/e2e/specs).

> ---

Reviewer 2: Remove this horizontal line; it's not needed
